you know people like this are enabled
because they can put on an act and they
can act very nice they can act like your
friend and they can be the worst person
as soon as they walk away absolutely but
it's there
it sounds so it's not some cynical but
it is these people's jobs to make you
like them because we didn't like them
that's how they make money I don't think
there's a happy ending here for Jared he
PewDiePie made fun of him he's an
internet meme now biking mom on the
Mother's Day phonecall I only saw that
tweet my mom found out about this I
don't care about Jared and the slightest
deeds always been a dick to me that I'm
what we get here in brief is a study of
everything that's wrong with the
Internet and a large part of what's
wrong with human nature in the 21st
century
pat the nes punk breaks down with you
his mentality his motivation why it is
that he's taken an internet rumor and
run with it too harshly condemn another
human being and if you guys followed the
story as it happened it was soon enough
proven to the whole world that these
allegations were complete nonsense but
what happens in between when the
allegations are first made and when the
facts become plain to anyone who's
paying attention is enough to destroy
someone's life and I know from my own
experience only a minority of people are
gonna be paying attention later on
when the facts become clear a little bit
narcissistic at least it may be slightly
sociopathic narcissistic sociopath II
and that's the nicest way I can put it
if you've been watching this channel you
have heard me say recently civil rights
are not just for people you sympathize
with civil rights are not just for
people you like the people we disagree
with the people we find disgusting or
repellent the people we may be most
inclined to presume to be guilty if the
people were biased against those are the
people who need civil rights the most
civil rights either therefore
everyone or therefore no one all right
even when you're looking at the most
extreme case a terrorist someone we have
no sympathy for it's crucial that
procedurally we think in terms of civil
rights including the presumption that
you're innocent until proven guilty
but this paradigm of civil rights only
applies to the behavior of the
authorities towards the individual the
interaction between the powerless
individual and the all-powerful state
what we're talking about here is the
relationship between the individual and
other more powerful individuals
individuals given tremendous
far-reaching power and consequences
because the internet and then literally
two days after Magfest Jared calls me
and says I'm out I don't want to do this
oh he texts to me he texted me he was
out and didn't want to do it and pulled
the rug out from under me and Brent we
we'd worked so hard in this project we
said we are committed to this let's do
this we this could be something I think
it could have been something if we did
it regularly I really do think that it
started strong and so me and Brent
scrambled to find replacement and we're
like you know what [ __ ] it this isn't
worth it and at that point on Jared's
relationship with me and probably Brent
I don't wanna speak for him it sort of
dissipated and I didn't talk to Jared as
much anymore
because I think he saw himself going up
up up up and Brent and Pat weren't gonna
help his career and that's pretty much
how it stood with me and Jared after
that point after like I'd say mid 2014
and 2014 where you know no more chats no
more checking even checking in with each
other you see you see each other at
convention you might say hi to each
other but you know that's it you're gone
so that's how I knew Jared's development
to be as a person the responsibility I
have toward you not to defame you the
responsibility I have toward you to
treat you as innocent until proven
guilty the responsibility I have to
treat you
with decency does not depend on you
being a decent human being I may be
biased against you I may despise you I
may have no sympathy for you okay but I
still have a moral obligation in the
same way that civil rights still apply
to you even if you are a terrorist even
if you are our murderer even if you're
some despicable person or even if you're
just someone we're biased against I
don't know because you're a drug addict
or because you live in poverty you still
have those civil rights procedurally and
profoundly I'm gonna treat you with a
certain kind of dignity just because
you're a human being or just because
you're a citizen okay I am gonna treat
you with dignity because of my own
dignity because of my own moral
standards moral standards that depart
from me and that define who I am
prevent me from ever doing what you're
about to see pat the nes Punk doing here
as he rambles so easily from a vague
internet rumor too harshly condemning
someone as a narcissist and a sociopath
I saw the change in him or maybe that's
all how he always was where he just
forgot about the friends he knew because
well I'm bit I'm bigger than you now
guys so why would I talk to you and I've
seen that with a couple of youtubers I
bring him up as a sample and there's one
more I don't tell right now that I
definitely saw that in so the type of
person that does that in my opinion is a
little bit narcissistic at least that
you can forget about people like they're
like they're nothing it may be slightly
sociopathic that they think they can use
people until they can anymore they get
away with it so when I see someone get
outed for doing bad behavior not just
infidelity but infidelity with mutual
friend that everyone knew that you went
to LA to hang out and be featured on
game grumps and then you turn around and
have sex with the wife of one of those
people that's some narcissistic
sociopath II that's some narcissistic
sociopath
and that's the nicest way I can put it
on dominate the conversation I'm sorry
but I just want to lay it all out about
this is such a strange situation to me
but from what I saw of Jared I'm not
shocked that I could see this being done
by this person because Jared Jared was
always one of the examples behind the
scenes that mean he's not mad about what
happens to people that get YouTube fame
and it goes through their head and it
becomes out of control and I I don't
think he hit it well to his colleagues
or they ignored it maybe to an extent
about how his ego take getting the
better of him but I saw it I saw the
transformation the allegations made
against Pro Jared were never credible I
figured them out I figured out the taper
nonsense I had absolutely no inside
source information I had they were not
credible there was a time when
allegations were made against me here on
YouTube and those allegations also
anyone who had a few brain cells to put
together they were in many obvious ways
not credible including just like
geography women when was I in Scotland
wait a minute when was I in Quebec women
when was I in Germany yeah the number of
places that would have had to have been
in a short period of time for the
allegations to be true was already a big
red flag and the Animus of the person
making up the allegations I guess it was
obvious the motivation of why these
things percent but you know what none of
those people apologized to me after the
fact none of them even deleted their
videos none of them put up a retraction
and the only exceptions I can I can
mention are cases where I went after
those people or I sent them email rode
to them sometimes years later look you
know you still have a video up on the
internet making really serious
Algie
against me criminal allegations really
defaming me defaming me in terms of my
personal life my sex life like
financially defaming me saying that like
I'm engaged in financial crimes and this
was all on the basis of what you don't
like you didn't put as much thought into
this as you put into like a high school
book review assignment you know but you
didn't think it was beneath your dignity
you didn't think it was immoral for you
to do this to me whether or not it was
immoral conduct for you has nothing to
do with how good a person I may or may
not be it has nothing to do with whether
or not I'm a terrible person has nothing
to do with whether or not you can
sympathize with me civil rights are for
everybody or else they're for nobody
either all of us have them or nobody in
us and we have to now cultivate in a
secular society in an atheist society a
system of morals and a sense of personal
responsibility that goes way beyond what
we were familiar with in the 20th
century we have to develop an ethic of
taking responsibility for your own words
and your own deeds and the harm that's
done each of us has to start treating
others with civil rights as if all of us
are policemen this observes it sounds
because allegations made here on the
Internet can carry much more weight and
carry much further reaching consequences
than a piece of paper written down in
the police station that might've in the
old days never got into the newspapers
that might have been quashed or
addressed or resolved or settled out of
court
without destroying someone's
professional reputation without
destroying someone's career without
destroying their family life their sex
life